You’re part of a crew of handymen for the mafia. Not the lowest ranks, you and your crew have a good amount of years between you, but you aren’t regional managers either.

It’s not everyday, you also have regular jobs and different apartments, but every once in a while the phone in the back of the shop you all work at rings. Your boss nods, whoever’s closest to the phone will answer.

the voice is the same every time, and you don’t know his name but he’ll tell you a name, an address, a time for that night.

That night, you’ll all meet in the back of the shop, find that address on the map, and load up your van, drive there, get it done, bring the van and body to the drop off place, and the clean-up crew switches vehicles with you and they take care of everything else while you go home and sleep, and blank envelopes of unmarked cash are on your coffee tables in the morning.

That’s how it usually goes. You don’t know who you kill or why, where the bodies are taken or who does the cleaning (the cleaners are different every time).

Problem is, you all wake up one day to find an envelope of a different color than normal on your tables, which is even more weird because you didn’t do a job last night.

It’s exactly where the payment envelopes are put, and much bigger than usual too. It’s full of much more money than you’ve seen at one place.

There’s also a note, which never happens either. It’s not signed or dated, but addressed to you by name. It tells you that all of your crew got the same envelope, this money is the first half, and to get the second half, all you and your crew have to do is go to your regular job, act like nothing happened, and say nothing to your boss. answer the phone in the back like normal. You’ll get a name, address, and time like usual, and cleaners will expect you at the same spot like usual.

So you all are at work, giving each other knowing nods, and the boss nods to you, the one closest to the phone when it rings. You’re excited, almost trembling in anticipation waiting for the familiar voice to tell you the details of tonight’s job.

Instead of the gruff man’s voice that reminds you of your uncle, today a sultry, breathy woman’s voice tells you a name, address, and time and hangs up.

That night, you and your crew assemble to map out the job, and everybody produces the same note. Everybody is buzzing while you pull out the paper with the job details. You’re still trembling, your voice shaky and your head swirling with wonder and mystery about everything that’s going on as you read off the note.

the one who has been in the crew the longest immediately goes quiet when you’re done, and informs the rest of you that the address is the Don’s, and the name is his wife.